hello welcome back to recap central
today we will be recapping a movie about
a rogue agent who travels to different
universes to kill other versions of
himself to become the one a god-like
being
well let's get started after leaving the
multiverse authority gabriel eula jet li
sets out to find all of the several
incarnations of himself that have lived
throughout history including one from
the future
in an attempt to become the one he
believes he may become an immortal
godlike creature by killing all 124 of
his previous lives and collecting their
life force
he is briefly detained by mva agents
roker del oro lindo and fung jason
statham but manages to flee during his
trial and is sentenced to life in the
stygeon penal colony on the planet hades
when gabe is carrying a prisoner for the
sheriff's department he feels the
presence of eula minutes before he
attempts to kill gabe
as a result u-law is being pursued by
gabe who needs to jump over a very high
wall to catch up with him
eula shoots and injures gabe after he
crosses across
u-law is on his way to kill gabe when
roker and funch show up to stop him
gabriel gabe law is a los angeles county
sheriff's department deputy sheriff and
the only other person who knows about
the situation
tk law carla giugino his wife of two
years has seen a significant increase in
his physical and mental power quickness
and mental capacity
eula to gabe's eye is an identical
duplicate of himself
ulaw's appearance surprises him as he
has never traveled beyond dimensions
before
u-law ambushes gabe after he checks into
the hospital but roker and fudge can
stop him once more thanks to their quick
thinking
he tries to talk them out of shooting
him by saying that if he dies gabe will
be the last one left
gabe's fellow cops are baffled by gabe
and eula's fight which takes place while
wearing identical attire in every way
david ulah the two remaining survivors
can leave the hospital on their own
roker is caught in the middle of a
dilemma they need to find eula but they
can't kill him or allow gabe to be
killed since whoever survives will
become the one
wreaking havoc on the multiverse and
killing everyone in it
ulaw in his perspective ought to be
dealt with harsher due to his role as
the instigator
roker makes the rash decision to deviate
substantially from protocol and separate
the squad resulting in the death of the
whole squad
rodriguez pursues and fights yula until
the bad guy breaks his neck and kills
him
when funch captures gabe he teaches him
about the multiverse's nature and gabe's
talents
when yulo finds gabe's house which tk
has been attempting to hide he instantly
understands that he is not her husband
once eula arrives gabe witnesses u-law's
murder of claire
funch and gabe are on a joint mission to
locate you law who is located at the
next wormhole
u-law gabe and funch arrive at the
industrial plant where they learn that
gabe and eulal will face off in the
final showdown
gabe eventually prevails and the three
of them are sent to the mva alpha
universe headquarters via a time
traveling wormhole where they find
themselves once again
ulaw is instantly sent to the prison
colony universe after his last effort to
swap places with gabe has failed
next the mva will prepare to deport gabe
who will be arrested and imprisoned for
the crimes carried out by eu law and his
supporters
bunch recalls an earlier encounter with
gabe and takes him to an alternate
reality in which gabe may begin to
rebuild his life in los angeles from the
day he first met tk
u-law despite his incarceration in
stygian preaches that he would one day
become the one despite his confinement
hundreds of soldiers battle yule off
from atop a ziggurat in the hades
dimension as the credits begin to play
thank you for watching if you enjoyed
the recap consider subscribing to see
more recaps like this
tune in until next time